PROCESSING FILE: review1.txt
FORMATTED REVIEW:
This was an amazing restaurant! The pizza crust was delicious, and I loved the p
asta. The atmosphere was wonderful and enchanting.

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 7.95



PROCESSING FILE: review2.txt
FORMATTED REVIEW:
An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price 
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul an
d bovine inclined. 
Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday an
d Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre. 


Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with tip
. Fairly reasonable. 

We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a beaut
iful view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was polite, a
miable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. 

On this day I opene
d with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a tasty accen
t, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom tomatoes glorious.
 They flavors coming together very nicely. My wife had an oyster dish that I'm h
aving a senior moment trying to pull the name from memory, however it's sauce wa
s delicious (I'm not a big oyster fan). 

I kept my entree simple: fish and chip
s. The fish was a nice thick piece of cod, not some cod replacement and fried to
 perfection. The fries were fries. :)  My wife had the lobster roll, which she g
ave high marks. 

Overall a good place to dine before a show or after a late aft
ernoon/ early evening walk about. 

It's not child adverse and a few dotted the 
tables while we were there but, at dinner at least, it runs toward an adult crow
d. The parking can be difficult on popular show nights or Friday evening but the
 municipal lot is just across the street and you don't have to pay after 6pm. 


It's a thumbs up here.

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 30.75



PROCESSING FILE: review3.txt
FORMATTED REVIEW:
"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great. However

- the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had to slee
p on a mattress on the floor
- the building is very old.
- the apt is not clean 
and due to construction it was very noisy.
However. We do appreciate the stay an
d the location"

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: -2.46



PROCESSING FILE: review4.txt
FORMATTED REVIEW:
Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You feel at home rig
ht away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super interesting and he
 is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly recomm
end!
It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't look very
 fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from inside out. It's pretty eas
y to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get to A train w
hich goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person, very open-minded
 and friendly! We also have a lot in common in area of culture! I'll recommend t
his place to everyone who is open-minded and want to feel how people live there 
in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe. Despite it was one of the coldest weeks for la
st year in town, but heating worked well and the room was warm!
"I had the most 
beautiful stay,
Garon is a very special person and an absolute angel, made me fe
el totally at home in a highly peaceful and relaxed environment,
I throughly rec
ommend Bliss Art Space!

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 25.32



File review5a.txt cannot be opened due to problematic sequences.
PROCESSING FILE: review6.txt
FORMATTED REVIEW:
For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions o
n the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home somet
imes and could not really do it anywhere.
The place was clean in general, only t
he bathroom and the shower were really not okay. Especially the shower curtain w
as mildewed.
The kitchen was clean and well equipped.
Apartment has an AC, which
 is definitely a pro.

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 2.25



PROCESSING FILE: review7.txt
FORMATTED REVIEW:
The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city. Truly
 a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty throu
ghout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing.
This apartment is c
onvenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel open and airy. And it 
is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly recommended.
Great place
. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet and easy going.
Beautiful
 and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer is a wonderful host and wa
s kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in. We loved the apartment!
Je
nnifer's space was such a lovely experience. PreCheckin and checkin was detailed
 and seamless, she made it easier on us and answered all questions so quickly. T
he space itself is such a unique, clear & zen energy- we loved it. Not to mentio
n it was very clean & close to everything! Definitely be prepared for the 4fligh
t workout (we appreciated that)! We enjoyed the space and location & would recom
mend this to anyone coming to explore the city!!
"Jennifer was super friendly an
d helpful. Great host with an amazing studio apartment right in the middle of NY
C. Everything is walking distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square, and 
New York library were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk. Best l
ocation ever and great relaxing place to stay.


ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 37.79



PROCESSING FILE: review8.txt
FORMATTED REVIEW:
Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We s
pent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April, 2012) 
and will remember this time as ours best.
The apartment is pretty spacious and g
reat located - the 5-th Ave right around the corner. There is everything you can
 need during your short or long stay. Jennifer is very friendly, vigorous and ve
ry responsible host. Thanks her and highly recomend this apartment for everyone 
who are looking for a quiet place right in the center of the boiling Midtown!"
W
e had a wonderful stay at Jennifer's charming apartment! They were very organize
d and helpful; I would definitely recommend staying at the Midtown Castle!

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 26.47



